The royal office is here
I heard that the four major families are coming
It's all his hands
This imperial palace is the spokesperson of the four major families
Since the imperial palace has come
It's clear at a glance whether this invitation is true or false
Wang Chengcheng
How many people are here?
Fake invitations are still making trouble here
I'm about to kick them out.
Fake invitations
Lord Crown, our invitation is genuine
As the person in charge of this exquisite banquet
I can tell at a glance whether this invitation is real or fake
This invitation is genuine
Uncle, you see clearly
How can this invitation be genuine?
Each invitation letter is made through a special process
I will never admit it.
It was real
Why did the four major families invite you to give?
No, it must be inviting our Lin family.
And the invitation letter went to Master Lin
It must be so.
Housing manager, since our invitation is genuine
Then I need to ask those who slander us
Apologize to us.
Apologize
I think you should think about it
How should I send these invitations today?
An explanation
And steward, what do you mean by that?
What do you mean?
Invitation letter from the four families
I personally prepared and distributed it.
I don't remember when I invited you guys to say
Where did this invitation come from?
I can't tell you today.
This invitation letter was given to Lin Shishi by Zhao Zhenhao
If you don't believe me, you can ask him.
The name of the Zhao family head is also worthy of you
I think you are courting death
That's right, beat me to death
Kill me and die again
Four big open five